OK so let's start building the header and footer right here from the Abdulle.
Yes we've included this from header and footer.
So let's go to the head on that as we're going to do that one first.
Going to delete the header text and go to this.
Def can you use this as a container.
So first I'm going to use a class name and we can do pretty much everything we can to use fluxbox.
We can have linking the left and just teams in the right.
But basically these are just two links so we going to make use of link re-act router.
But this one is going to be a flex box the dash container.
Right now we need to set up the logo.
So since it's going to be link I'm going to say link now we're going to use a span to host that image.
And this link is going to link to.
And it's going to go home.
So I'm going to say for Slash.
I'm just going to add a class name to this and just look up.
OK so in the right side we have the teams and this is kind of a Nav. element.
So I'm going to say now.
Right.
We're going to make use of link again just opening close.
And this is going to go to teams.
Right.
So I'm going to say two equal and then four slash teams.
So good fun.
OK.
Let's go to the footer.
Now if you notice we've accomplished this footer component directly from the header.
So right now we have the header right here.
But we need to say footer so we can change it to footer.
So the footer it's really really simple.
Go right here.
It just have a black bar and then the logo again.
So just like with that before I'm going to go right here and put a class name call and then flex box
then Dasch container.
Great use the same class.
And now we need to add a class name for the logo.
So I'm going to say Dev and it's now I'm looking to make a link just an image.
So we're going to use class name and then it's going to be logo just like the header.
And inside we will add a span.
All right.
That looks nice.
Looks good.
So right now of course we don't have anything to change this from styles so let's go to the next section
and do and start adding the styles for this.
Now remember that you can go if you want to just skip the styles section because it's kind of boring.
It's not about re-act is just smiling.
It just can go to the good have project and just copy the styles.
OK.
The only thing that you need to know is that because you use two different fonts we can to use pygmies
row boto font.
I have it ready right here.
Let me just open this.
I was going to use Roboto and begin to use hello or something like that one.
We're going to use this this funds and we can just be using the CSSA directly from public begin to create
a folder that's going to be CSSA and begin and create a file that is going to be style that CSSA just
like we did before.
OK let's go to the next section and start doing start with styles.
For this.